shadow there are two shadows

Text-shadow 
it has three  4 values x-axis,y-axis,blurr, color

x-axis--> postive right , negtice left
y-axis-->postive down , negative up
text-shadow:

Box shadow -->
The box-shadow property applies one or more shadows to an element.

The box-shadow property takes values for
offset-x (how far to push the shadow horizontally from the element),
offset-y (how far to push the shadow vertically from the element),
blur-radius,
spread-radius and
color, in that order.
The blur-radius and spread-radius values are optional.
Multiple box-shadows can be created by using commas to separate properties of each box-shadow element.
ex->box-shadow: 0 10px 20px rgba(0,0,0,0.19), 0 6px 6px rgba(0,0,0,0.23);

We can change the opacity of a text by using 
opacity where 
1:completly -opaque
0: completley tarnsparent 
and there can be value in-between
ex- opacity:0.7;

text-transform:uppercase  ;
it will transform the text without changing the text by typing
Value	Result
lowercase	"transform me"
uppercase	"TRANSFORM ME"
capitalize	"Transform Me"
initial	Use the default value
inherit	Use the text-transform value from the parent element
none	Default: Use the original text

font-weight property sets how thick or thin characters are in a section of text.
ex- font-weight-500(px is not used along with it)

line-height-->it changes the amount of vertical space that each line of text gets.in short spacing between lines
ex-->line-height:30px;

Pseudo-classes:
pseudo-class is a keyword that can be added to selectors(elemnt in css)
, in order to select a specific state of the element.
for-ex-->
a:hover {
  color: red;
}
Here's the CSS to change the color of the anchor tag to red during its hover state.


position:relative;
Block-level items automatically start on a new line (think headings, paragraphs, and divs) while inline items 
sit within surrounding content (like images or spans). The default layout of elements in this way is called the normal flow 
of a document, but CSS offers the position property to override it.
When the position of an element is set to relative, it allows you to specify how CSS should move it relative 
to its current position in the normal flow of the page. 
It pairs with the CSS offset properties of left or right, and top or bottom
ex-->p {
  position: relative;
  bottom: 10px;
}
top--means bootom;
bottom-top;
vice-versa for left and right









