One nuance with absolute positioning is that it will be locked relative to its closest positioned ancestor. 
If you forget to add a position rule to the parent item, (this is typically done using position: relative;), 
the browser will keep looking up the chain and ultimately default to the body tag.
this we have add postion :relative in it's paert w.rt to who we want to position it.
ex-->#searchbar {
  position:absolute;
  top:50px;
  right:50px; }
  section {
    position: relative;
  }
  and it also remove element from the normal flow 
  
  Fixed-Positioning--->
  
  the next layout scheme that CSS offers is the fixed position, which is a type of absolute positioning that locks 
  an element relative to the browser window. Similar to absolute positioning, 
  it's used with the CSS offset properties and also removes the element from the normal flow of the document.
  Other items no longer "realize" where it is positioned, which may require some layout adjustments elsewhere.
  
  Difference between absolute and fixed-->
  One key difference between the fixed and absolute positions is 
  that an element with a fixed position won't move when the user scrolls.
  
  z-index--> to set which element should come over nother when they are adjusted using posion using relative ,absolute or fixed.
  to use z-index in an element it should hava a  position attribute in itself.
  When elements are positioned to overlap (i.e. using position: absolute | relative | fixed | sticky), 
  the element coming later in the HTML markup will, by default, appear on the top of the other elements.
  However, the z-index property can specify the order of how elements are stacked on top of one another. 
  It must be an integer (i.e. a whole number and not a decimal), and higher values for the z-index property of an element move
  it higher in the stack than those with lower values.
  
  Color model-->
  primary color-->red,green ,blue
  secondary-color-->color combined by any two primary color(is complimentary to another secondary color which is not used..and they are awlays at the opposite in color wheel
  )
  tertiary:color :ertiary colors are the result of combining a primary color with one of its secondary color neighbors. 
  
  
  contrast can be form by 
  1.placing complenntary color adjacent to each other .
  2. One example that can use tertiary colors is called the split-complementary color scheme. 
  This scheme starts with a base color, then pairs it with the two colors that are adjacent to its complement.
  The three colors provide strong visual contrast in a design, but are more subtle than using two complementary colors.Hue is what people generally think of as 'color'. If you picture a spectrum of colors starting with red on the left, moving through green in the middle, and blue on right, the hue is where a color fits along this line. In hsl(), hue uses a color wheel concept instead of the spectrum, where the angle of the color on the circle is given as a value between 0 and 360.

Saturation is the amount of gray in a color. A fully saturated color has no gray in it, and a minimally saturated color is almost completely gray. This is given as a percentage with 100% being fully saturated.

Lightness is the amount of white or black in a color. A percentage is given ranging from 0% (black) to 100% (white), where 50% is the normal color.


another color technique--use hue ,saturation and lightness

Hue is what people generally think of In hsl(), hue uses a color wheel concept , where the angle of the color on the circle is given as a value between 0 and 360.

Saturation is the amount of gray in a color. A fully saturated color has no gray in it, and a minimally saturated color is almost completely gray. 
This is given as a percentage with 100% being fully saturated.
Lightness is the amount of white or black in a color. 
A percentage is given ranging from 0% (black) to 100% (white), where 50% is the normal color.
ex-->Color	HSL
red	hsl(0, 100%, 50%)
yellow	hsl(60, 100%, 50%)
green	hsl(120, 100%, 50%)
cyan	hsl(180, 100%, 50%)
blue	hsl(240, 100%, 50%)
magenta	hsl(300, 100%, 50%)
  


  
